Draft Script & Storyboard 

AAA: Hello, this is team Simple B. I am AAA. We are here today to showcase our innovative platform for online learning – Mentor. 

BBB: In partnership with Moodle, one of the world’s leading online learning management system, Mentor’s main role is to support students who require additional assistance in their study. 

CCC: We understand that each student is unique, and their diverse backgrounds make tutors / lectures’ job all that harder. In order to maintain unified quality of education whilst anonymously champion those who are exceling and others who need an extra helping hand, Mentor will step in to fill the role.

DDD: As a training bot instead of an actual person addressing queries and provide additional tutorials, students will be less embarrassed to seek help. In turn, students who are struggling at school will find a remedy to keep up with the coursework and reduce the probability of affecting their mental health. 

AAA: Over 70% of Australian tertiary student acknowledged that course workload and deadlines are affecting their mental health and this statistic should be alarming for education providers, especially tutors who is running smaller sessions to ensure course information is delivered to the students in a timely fashion. (National Tertiary Student Wellbeing Survey, 2016) 

BBB: Imagine what Mentor chat bot system can work alongside with the students to excel in their studies and subsequently reduce study-related stress and mental illness. 

CCC: Let’s demonstrate how Mentor smart bot can come in handy (Demonstrate either through screen sharing or animated short clip) 

DDD: As you can see, by incorporating machine learning into the system, the well-trained bots can act as a virtual tutor. The study experience can be anonymous, spontaneous and without the limitation of time zone and human resources. 

AAA: This interactive Mentor program can not only enrich students’ study journey, but also increase the bottom line of any institutions. This technology can reduce the need of human tutors and thus reduce overheads and underlying variable costs associated with the program. 

BBB: Partnering with Moodle means we have a strategic advantage to access course information from educational institutions and put together a list of recommended subjects and courses for students to explore. 

CCC: It is unlikely student in their first year of study know exactly what they want to do in the future and what courses they should do to be job-ready. With Mentor course selection process, student can interact with the bots to find out what suits them the best and pursue with the appropriate courses that meet their goal or ideal job. 

DDD: A quick demonstration of the interactive chat box will now be shown. (Demonstrate either through screen sharing or animated short clip) 

AAA: Our Mentor technical department did not just stop here. We believe cohort learning environment can be beneficial to the students and by connecting students with similar interests in the same demography, we can help them to bounce off ideas and reduce drop-out rate for any given course. 

BBB: Very true, lectures and tutors are the heart of content delivery. However, the power of peer motivation and self-realisation cannot be underestimated. 

CCC: By offering students that extra layer of personal touch and society reconnection can help boost their confidence level and create connections that will be beneficial for their future career growth. 

DDD: From the education institution standpoint, you will be able to access the geographical data to better analyse if location influence student’s interest in particular fields. If so, external relations department can focus their resources when recruiting students. 

AAA: As you can see from the two demonstrations, by incorporating Mentor into your online learning management system, both the organisation and enrolled students can benefit from the innovative bots. 

BBB: Let’s transform the online learning sphere and together deliver a better education solution for kids around Australia. 

CCC: Thank you for seating through the pitch, please feel free to raise any questions or concerns to our product specialist. We will be very happy to provide a tailored solution package to meet your business needs. 




Bibliography:
National Tertiary Student Wellbeing Survey, 2016. https://headspace.org.au/assets/Uploads/headspace-NUS-Publication-Digital.pdf. Retrieved on the 27th of July, 2020. 
