First and foremost, the idea of Mentor by Simple B will be registered and licensed under Australian Property Law. This will protect the idea and creation of Mentor be protected against violations of copyrights. The project will subsequently be launched once the partnership with a reputable LMS provider. 

We will be going through venture capitalist pitching, which will be demonstrated by the video clip. Our initial stage of funding will be a minimum of 20 thousand dollars along with R&D co-investment of 40 thousand dollars from the SA Future Industries accelerator. This scheme requires the business to be operated from South Australia, this consideration will be actioned with the business be lodged as a SA business with a local address and support team. During the stage 1 funding period, we will be innovating our platform through feedbacks from initial users and partnership with the University of South Australia under mobility grants and the infrastructure access scheme. 

Dependent on the headquarter(s) of the capital venture(s), we might not be choosing South Australia as our base. In this case, we will be sourcing alternative funds available. At this stage, New Business Assistance initiative (NEIS) will be utilised and in conjunction of Entrepreneur’s Program to best receive guidance and funds. These two resources can be accessed irrespective of the location of the business, which will be an ideal combination for our stage 1 funding. 

Once phrase 1 of the programme coming to an end, we are projecting a growth in the company’s asset to 70 thousand dollars. The business model will be running for 3 years and a review of functionality and efficiency will be audited. Stage 2 funding will begin with an vision to expand into international education, which the Queensland International Education and Training (IET) Partnership Fund can be utilised to promote foreign education in Australia. 

If the company at that stage decided not to proceed with the international market, the South Australian Venture Capital Fund will come in handy to provide the stage 2 funding with a 110 thousand grand. The requirement for receiving the co-investment is to demonstrate a market for their product or service and have either commenced generating revenue or can demonstrate customer validation and evidence a route to revenue generation.

The SAVCF has been structured as a co-investment fund, requiring each initial investment into an eligible company to be matched with at least 50% investment from other venture capital funds, high net-worth’s or other sophisticated investors. While 110,000 funding is the target for stage 2, the details of partial funding and re-investment plan can be discussed among the owners of the firm and the South Australian Government at that stage. 
